pages/graduate.md, before:

---
title: Graduate
permalink: /graduate/
layout: page
keywords: 'graduate studies, women, gender, sexuality'
description: >-
published: true
sidebar: true
sidebar-content: |
  **Director:**  
   Judith Levine  
   811 Anderson Hall  
   [(215) 204-7963](tel:2152047963)  
   [jlevine@temple.edu](mailto:jlevine@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Undegraduate Advisor:**  
   Rujuta Chincholkar-Mandelia  
   816 Anderson Hall  
   [(215) 204-6953](tel:2152046953)  
   [rujuta@temple.edu](mailto:rujuta@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Administrator:**  
   Stephanie Morawski  
   1041 Anderson Hall    
   [(215) 215-204-8516](tel:2152048516)  
   [morawski@temple.edu](mailto:morawski@temple.edu)  
meta-description: "We offer a graduate certificate that can be earned in conjunction with masters or doctoral   \t  \twork in a wide variety of subjects."
---

## Graduate Certificate Program

A Graduate Certificate in Women's Studies can be earned at Temple in conjunction with master's or doctoral work in a wide variety of subjects. The certificate can also be earned through a freestanding course of study not linked to a graduate degree.

Graduate students whose work is focused on gender will be able to explore central concepts of feminist theory and analysis through Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies graduate courses.

For more information or to apply, contact Stephanie Morawski:<br />
[(215) 204-8516](tel:2152048516)<br/>
[morawski@temple.edu](mailto:morawski@temple.edu)<br/>

## Requirements

Each student must complete 6 semester hours of course work in the Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies Program:

- GSWS 8001: Introduction to Feminist Studies (3 credits)
- GSWS 9991: Seminar in Feminist Reseach (3 credits)

In addition, students take at least 6 semester hours in approved courses that focus on gender from their own or any cooperating department and complete a research project. Students working on a Temple graduate degree may satisfy the research requirement by focusing on women or gender in their final project, thesis or dissertation.

## Admissions

If the certificate is to be obtained in conjunction with a master's or doctoral degree, students already admitted to a cooperating Temple University graduate program will be accepted to the Women's Studies Certificate Program on the basis of an internal application and graduate transcripts.

[Letter of Application](http://www.cla.temple.edu/gender-sexuality-and-womens-studies/docs/gradtemapp.pdf) for students enrolled at Temple.

Students not enrolled in a Temple University graduate degree program who are applying for the freestanding certificate must submit the following:

- A completed external application form, which may be also obtained as a hard copy from the Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies Program in 811 Anderson Hall;
- An official transcript of all previous college work, showing a baccalaureate degree from an accredited university and an undergradute GPA of at least 3.0 (on a four-point scale);
- Two letters of recommendation from persons in a position to evaluate the applicant's academic ability and accomplishments;
- A personal statement indicating interests, plans and objectives within the field of Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies.

Commit message:

added grad admissions page link

pages/graduate.md, after:

---
title: Graduate
permalink: /graduate/
layout: page
keywords: 'graduate studies, women, gender, sexuality'
published: true
sidebar: true
sidebar-content: |
  **Director:**  
   Judith Levine  
   811 Anderson Hall  
   [(215) 204-7963](tel:2152047963)  
   [jlevine@temple.edu](mailto:jlevine@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Undegraduate Advisor:**  
   Rujuta Chincholkar-Mandelia  
   816 Anderson Hall  
   [(215) 204-6953](tel:2152046953)  
   [rujuta@temple.edu](mailto:rujuta@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Administrator:**  
   Stephanie Morawski  
   1041 Anderson Hall    
   [(215) 215-204-8516](tel:2152048516)  
   [morawski@temple.edu](mailto:morawski@temple.edu)  
meta-description: "We offer a graduate certificate that can be earned in conjunction with masters or doctoral   \t  \twork in a wide variety of subjects."
---

## Graduate Certificate Program

A Graduate Certificate in Women's Studies can be earned at Temple in conjunction with master's or doctoral work in a wide variety of subjects. The certificate can also be earned through a freestanding course of study not linked to a graduate degree.

Graduate students whose work is focused on gender will be able to explore central concepts of feminist theory and analysis through Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies graduate courses.

For more information or to apply, contact Stephanie Morawski:<br />
[(215) 204-8516](tel:2152048516)<br/>
[morawski@temple.edu](mailto:morawski@temple.edu)<br/>

## Requirements

Each student must complete 6 semester hours of course work in the Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies Program:

- GSWS 8001: Introduction to Feminist Studies (3 credits)
- GSWS 9991: Seminar in Feminist Reseach (3 credits)

In addition, students take at least 6 semester hours in approved courses that focus on gender from their own or any cooperating department and complete a research project. Students working on a Temple graduate degree may satisfy the research requirement by focusing on women or gender in their final project, thesis or dissertation.

## Admissions

If the certificate is to be obtained in conjunction with a master's or doctoral degree, students already admitted to a cooperating Temple University graduate program will be accepted to the Women's Studies Certificate Program on the basis of an internal application and graduate transcripts.

Please visit the [Gender, Sexuality & Women's Studies Graduate Admissions page](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/admissions/graduate/gender-sexuality-and-womens-studies) to learn more about graduate program requirements, dates and deadlines and instructions on how to apply.
