pages/resources.md, before:

---
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
layout: page
published: true
---
## Contact Us

### Director:
Judith Levine<br/> 
Department of Sociology<br/>
811 Anderson Hall<br/>
[(215) 204-7963](tel:2152047963)<br/>
[jlevine@temple.edu](mailto:jlevine@temple.edu)<br/>

### Administrator:
Stephanie Morawski<br/>
1041 Anderson Hall<br/>
[(215) 204-8516](tel:2152048516)<br/>
[morawski@temple.edu](mailto:morawski@temple.edu)<br/>

## Student Awards

The Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies Program has four annual undergraduate awards that honor academic and creative excellence in our students. The awards are acknowledged and celebrated by an annual formal award dinner sponsored by the College of Liberal Arts for all undergraduate awards granted by departments in the liberal arts. Students invite faculty members to join them in their celebration, as well as family and friends. The event fosters the appreciation of both undergraduate academic achievement and mentor/student relationships.

**Barbara Brownstein Prize in Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies**

This award is given by the Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies Program to honor Barbara Brownstein, former Provost, Professor of Biology, and Director of the Women’s Studies Program. It is awarded to a graduating senior and Women’s Studies major in recognition of leadership and academic excellence.

**Sonia Sanchez Scholarship**

Established by the Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies Program to honor Sonia Sanchez’s contributions and achievements, the scholarship is awarded to a continuing Temple student whose engagement and activism with women’s lives, the struggles and triumphs of people of color, or global and humanist themes demonstrates the potential to make a significant contribution to social justice and the arts.

**Audre Lorde Prize**

Established by Sonia Sanchez, Professor of English and Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies, this award is given to a graduating senior in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies who best exemplifies the activism and achievements of black lesbian feminist writer and teacher Audre Lorde (1934-1992).

**Certificate of Excellence**

The Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies Certificate of Excellence is awarded to a student who performs community service as an activist in the health and social work professions, maintains academic excellence, and has been employed during some portion of his/her study at Temple University.

## Other Resources

- [Temple Career Center Resources for LGBTQIA Students](http://www.temple.edu/provost/careercenter/students/lgbtq-students.html)
- [Inside-Out Center](http://insideoutcenter.org/)
- [The Feminist Wire](http://thefeministwire.com/)
- [Women's Policy, Inc.](http://www.womenspolicy.org/)
- [National Women's Studies Association](http://www.nwsa.org/)
- [MANA: A National Latina Organization](http://www.hermana.org/)
- [National Organization for Women (NOW)](http://now.org/)
- [Kolot Jewish Women's and Gender Studies](http://www.rrc.edu/kolot)
- [Greater Philadelphia Women's Studies Consortium](http://gpwsc0.wix.com/gpwsc)
- [National Organization for African-American Women](http://www.noaw.org/)
- [The American Association of University Women (AAUW)](http://www.aauw.org/who-we-are/)
- [Temple University Harassment Policy](http://policies.temple.edu/PDF/366.pdf) 
- [Laws.com](http://laws.com/) This website features a dedicated women's rights section that includes domestic violence resources such as hotlines, tiplines, news, and laws, as well as women's rights articles with a focus on the applicable laws.

Commit message:

added Rujuta and made other edits per Judith

pages/resources.md, after:

---
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
layout: page
published: true
---
## Contact Us

### Director:
Judith Levine<br/> 
811 Anderson Hall<br/>
[(215) 204-7963](tel:2152047963)<br/>
[jlevine@temple.edu](mailto:jlevine@temple.edu)<br/>

### Administrator:
Stephanie Morawski<br/>
1041 Anderson Hall<br/>
[(215) 204-8516](tel:2152048516)<br/>
[morawski@temple.edu](mailto:morawski@temple.edu)<br/>

### Undergraduate Advisor:
Rujuta Chincholkar-Mandelia<br/>
816 Anderson Hall<br/>
(215) 204-6953<br/>
[rujuta@temple.edu](mailto:rujuta@temple.edu)<br/>

## Student Awards

The Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies Program has four annual undergraduate awards that honor academic and creative excellence in our students. The awards are acknowledged and celebrated by an annual formal award ceremony sponsored by the College of Liberal Arts for all undergraduate awards granted by departments in the liberal arts. Students invite faculty members to join them in their celebration, as well as family and friends. The event fosters the appreciation of both undergraduate academic achievement and mentor/student relationships.

**Barbara Brownstein Prize in Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies**

This award is given by the Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies Program to honor Barbara Brownstein, former Provost, Professor of Biology, and Director of the Women’s Studies Program. It is awarded to a graduating senior and Women’s Studies major in recognition of leadership and academic excellence.

**Sonia Sanchez Scholarship**

Established by the Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies Program to honor Sonia Sanchez’s contributions and achievements, the scholarship is awarded to a continuing Temple student whose engagement and activism with women’s lives, the struggles and triumphs of people of color, or global and humanist themes demonstrates the potential to make a significant contribution to social justice and the arts.

**Audre Lorde Prize**

Established by Sonia Sanchez, Professor of English and Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies, this award is given to a graduating senior in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies who best exemplifies the activism and achievements of black lesbian feminist writer and teacher Audre Lorde (1934-1992).

**Certificate of Excellence**

The Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies Certificate of Excellence is awarded to a student who performs community service as an activist in the health and social work professions, maintains academic excellence, and has been employed during some portion of his/her study at Temple University.

## Other Resources

- [Temple Career Center Resources for LGBTQIA Students](http://www.temple.edu/provost/careercenter/students/lgbtq-students.html)
- [Inside-Out Center](http://insideoutcenter.org/)
- [The Feminist Wire](http://thefeministwire.com/)
- [Women's Policy, Inc.](http://www.womenspolicy.org/)
- [National Women's Studies Association](http://www.nwsa.org/)
- [MANA: A National Latina Organization](http://www.hermana.org/)
- [National Organization for Women (NOW)](http://now.org/)
- [Kolot Jewish Women's and Gender Studies](http://www.rrc.edu/kolot)
- [Greater Philadelphia Women's Studies Consortium](http://gpwsc0.wix.com/gpwsc)
- [National Organization for African-American Women](http://www.noaw.org/)
- [The American Association of University Women (AAUW)](http://www.aauw.org/who-we-are/)
- [Temple University Harassment Policy](http://policies.temple.edu/PDF/366.pdf) 
- [Laws.com](http://laws.com/) This website features a dedicated women's rights section that includes domestic violence resources such as hotlines, tiplines, news, and laws, as well as women's rights articles with a focus on the applicable laws.
