pages/undergradaute.md, before:

---
title: Undergraduate
permalink: /undergraduate/
layout: page
published: true
---

## Unmatched Support

Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies is a small, close knit program where students receive individual attention from our faculty. We support a student organization and student newsletter aimed at making our students voices heard. Our goal is to help our students become leaders while following their hearts. The program also hosts many on-campus events in collaborations with other programs here at Temple.

## An Honest Approach

The Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies program provides students with sensitivity of mind and a freedom of thought to think about issues pertaining to gender, race, sexuality, class, age, disability, nationality and other pertinent issues. We encourage and challenge our students to make connections and come to a deeper understanding of the world around them.

## Academic Offerings

- [BA in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/gender-sexuality-womens-studies/ba-gender-sexuality-womens-studies/)
- [Minor in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/gender-sexuality-womens-studies/minor-gender-sexuality-womens-studies/)
- [Minor in LGBT Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender-lgbt-minor/#text)
- [Undergraduate Certificate in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/gender-sexuality-womens-studies/certificate-gender-sexuality-womens-studies/)
- Graduate Certificate in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies

Commit message:

Added non CLA certificate content

pages/undergradaute.md, after:

---
title: Undergraduate
permalink: /undergraduate/
layout: page
published: true
---

## Unmatched Support

Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies is a small, close knit program where students receive individual attention from our faculty. We support a student organization and student newsletter aimed at making our students voices heard. Our goal is to help our students become leaders while following their hearts. The program also hosts many on-campus events in collaborations with other programs here at Temple.

## An Honest Approach

The Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies program provides students with sensitivity of mind and a freedom of thought to think about issues pertaining to gender, race, sexuality, class, age, disability, nationality and other pertinent issues. We encourage and challenge our students to make connections and come to a deeper understanding of the world around them.

## Gender, Sexuality and Women's Studies Certificate of Specialization

The Certificate of Specialization is designed for students outside the College of Liberal Arts who want to pursue a Gender, Sexuality and Women's Studies-oriented career. 4 courses are required for the certificate: Intro to Women's Studies (1096), Field Work (4389), and 2 electives, at least one of which must be at the upper level.

Temple also has a specialized certificate in Jewish Women's Studies that is administered jointly with the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College and Kolot, its Center for Jewish Women's and Gender Studies.
Kolot Jewish Women's Studies Certificate

## Academic Offerings

- [BA in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/gender-sexuality-womens-studies/ba-gender-sexuality-womens-studies/)
- [Minor in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/gender-sexuality-womens-studies/minor-gender-sexuality-womens-studies/)
- [Minor in LGBT Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender-lgbt-minor/#text)
- [Undergraduate Certificate in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/liberal-arts/gender-sexuality-womens-studies/certificate-gender-sexuality-womens-studies/)
- Graduate Certificate in Gender, Sexuality, and Women’s Studies
